and I the guys who are as they are
Welcome to a new chapter of
rapids minecraft series and good does
while not uploading videos but it's because
we are in all this change of versions
of the 1.6 and this pod not launcher
so then I could not play with the
industrial craft melville craft that of
made the vile craft has not come out then
today I come to show you how to install the
industrial kraft for minecraft 1.6
point 2 how can you see this here in the
in the launcher
but well let's see how we are going to
do it here what we are going to do is
first go to the links that I will give
down in which we will be able to
download these two files which is the
minecraft force and the industrial craft
then we are going to
use the minecraft let's give it double
click and this window will appear
Now what we are going to do is give you
install customer client means that
is for us or for a game in a
player and install server is for
you have a server you can install
the force and be able to play with force in its
server with your friends we will give to
accept and we will appear this that
means that it says that already
was already installing client
customer profile of the force version
data is in the launcher very well now
to check that if we were installed
this is going to high percentage app
percentage point minecraft versions and
look here is this 1.6 points force 9
points to tata tata if I erase it there's no
problem I just come here I give
again to install and as you can see me
will install it without any problem
this is going to put the version here to the point
to see the point j are and ready
the next thing we're going to do is copy
this industrial kraft file 2 and what
let's put as we did before
normally in the bikes folder if the
bikes folder that is at its point of
minecraft here we are going to leave and ready
that is the installation now to open
in the game is in this craft industry
what we are going to need is to create a
new profile here new profile and you
we put the name we want for
example 1.6 point 2
industry index and
here where it says news version we're going to
tell him to use we have to open it from
new because he has not updated the
versions then let's reopen the
launcher
we are going to open the lancer now without
new profile 1.6 point 2 and 1 point 6.2
Ins index and its version we will give
rileys 1.6 points force data nothing or
the one that installed us the force and that
it's all we give you follow profile then
we come here and we tell him to use the one
we just created the profile that we just
to create that is 1.6 points 2
ins and how well he named you
put by the name they want and
just throw play
normally it does not take almost anything like
can see it takes too little to load
but if you put more and more mods
it will also delay the load at the time
to open the game itself or to pass
from 11 to the game as you can see then
the mods folder appears and tells us
that we already have installed the industrial
craft now let's do let's try
that if it is in vain our create it I
I have here one created that is the one of
tutorials that is around here that is the
I opened it, this is playing the world
selected and let's see if we
all the textures appear and all the
industrial craft things like they can
see here are the plants here are
the plants
believe more look at the machines are by
here the machines look at this texture that
is from the reinforced stone something like this
glass texture also appears
perfectly is something that there was not
worked very well in 1.5 in some
sometimes the textures are damaged, not the
I found
that more here we're going to see about the
barrels that we were last time
look here is what the barrels of
beer and all those pods appear to me
also the potions the things of those
of beer that I took or that is the
the skills he gave me while taking
beer fatigue strength and slowness and good
if we can notice that everything is fine
and look around here something like
pink what is this is this
well this is a texture that year
ah no no no no look is like a little bus no
more but there's no problem there I think
it works and it works look if I shot that
is the springboard that we made in a
chapter if they have not seen it go they can
go to my videos I have a list of
playback of all the videos and if
I have a playlist of all
my videos if you have not seen it if it's the
first time you're here then go and
go through these videos where you look
I do industrial craft tutorials if
you are just beginning to use it
If you do not know it yet
I recommend then that you go through
my tutorial videos good nothing
guys here I'm here I'm look at me
I hope you liked this little one
tutorial that the truth is very easy
install this industrial coffee is very very
easy
so then I recommend that you
Install is very good
and good , we'll start with the
tutorials I think the other week or
in a couple of weeks because it's already starting
again the university then guys
see you in a next video of this
that is minecraft the series I hope that you
have liked remember that if it is the
first time you're here do not forget
give you subscribe and watch my other videos
of industrial craft weak craft and
other small boats that went up more
I hope you guys liked it stop
its like your favorite if you liked it and
well see you then in a next
episode chau chau guys